New York if you want to enter the
greatest city on earth first you have to
get by one person I'm waiting on you
Sonny Koufax had an easy job you're at
old character where you going I guess
and let a simple life delivery guys like
your best friend come back later today
I'll Indian wrestle you okay peace out
until the day you refuse to move on to
the next phase of your life she wants
different things you know his girlfriend
dumped him for someone else I found
someone this okay
yes five year plan what is it don't die
now to win her back I got to do
something big with my life he's getting
her a little surprise I want you to meet
joy my son our son I adopted him great
now what
we're diaper Sonny Koufax is finding out
nightlight once you adopt a kid there
you go all right you better give that
kid back I've tried to give him back you
got to keep it go back to sleep
[Music]
nice and dry no more wetness
that thing I talked to you the other day
that one touched the ground that one
touched the ground
Columbia Pictures presents stop serving
breakfast at 10:30 Sandler it's gonna be
fun you're nervous
happy although we got a first-timer out
here hang out right here for a second
all right
what Big Daddy
[Music]
okay yeah that's that's good terrific
tree and actually be prepared
[Music]